>>> make pytest
  ‚óè Executing pytest in enhomie..
============================= test session starts ==============================
platform linux -- Python 3.12.10, pytest-8.3.5, pluggy-1.5.0 -- /home/runner/work/enhomie/enhomie/main/.venv-package/bin/python3
cachedir: .pytest_cache
Using --randomly-seed=1841552122
rootdir: /home/runner/work/enhomie/enhomie/main
configfile: pyproject.toml
plugins: cov-6.1.1, respx-0.22.0, mypy-1.0.1, sphinx-0.6.3, clarity-1.0.1, randomly-3.16.0, anyio-4.9.0, xdist-3.6.1
created: 4/4 workers
4 workers [346 items]

scheduling tests via LoadScheduling

enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_HomieQueueItem 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::test_HomieAspire 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesired_cover 
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService 
[gw0] [  0%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_HomieQueueItem 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_HomieQueue 
[gw0] [  0%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_HomieQueue 
[gw2] [  0%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::test_HomieAspire 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::test_HomieActionItem 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::test_HomieAspire_cover 
[gw2] [  1%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::test_HomieAspire_cover 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::test_DriverBltnStore_cover 
[gw0] [  1%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::test_HomieActionItem 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::test_HomieAction 
[gw0] [  1%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::test_HomieAction 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_streams.py::test_HomieStreams 
[gw2] [  2%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::test_DriverBltnStore_cover 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::test_DriverBltnStore 
[gw0] [  2%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_streams.py::test_HomieStreams 
enhomie/execution/test/test_service.py::test_arguments 
[gw0] [  2%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_service.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_occur.py::test_HomieOccur 
[gw2] [  2%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::test_DriverBltnStore 
enhomie/execution/test/test_dumped.py::test_arguments 
[gw2] [  3%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_dumped.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/philips/test/test_device.py::test_PhueDevice 
[gw0] [  3%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_occur.py::test_HomieOccur 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_models.py::test_HubiModels_cover 
[gw0] [  3%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_models.py::test_HubiModels_cover 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_thread.py::test_HomieThread_cover 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesired_cover 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesiredItem 
[gw2] [  4%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_device.py::test_PhueDevice 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_ubiq_latest 
[gw0] [  4%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_thread.py::test_HomieThread_cover 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::test_HomieChilds_cover 
[gw1] [  4%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesiredItem 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesired 
[gw2] [  5%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_ubiq_latest 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::test_HomieDesire 
[gw0] [  5%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::test_HomieChilds_cover 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::test_HomieChilds 
[gw2] [  5%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::test_HomieDesire 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::test_HomieDesires_cover 
[gw0] [  6%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::test_HomieChilds 
enhomie/philips/test/test_action.py::test_PhueAction_cover 
[gw2] [  6%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::test_HomieDesires_cover 
enhomie/philips/test/test_update.py::test_PhueUpdateItem 
[gw0] [  6%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_action.py::test_PhueAction_cover 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::test_DriverPhueChange_cover 
[gw2] [  6%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_update.py::test_PhueUpdateItem 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_child.py::test_HomieChild_cover 
[gw2] [  7%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_child.py::test_HomieChild_cover 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_update.py::test_HubiUpdateItem 
[gw0] [  7%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::test_DriverPhueChange_cover 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::test_DriverPhueChange 
[gw1] [  7%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::test_HomieDesired 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspiredItem 
[gw0] [  8%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::test_DriverPhueChange 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_member.py::test_HomieMember_cover 
[gw2] [  8%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_update.py::test_HubiUpdateItem 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_current 
[gw1] [  8%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspiredItem 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspired_cover 
[gw0] [  8%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_member.py::test_HomieMember_cover 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::test_DriverPhueScene 
[gw2] [  9%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_current 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_sensors 
[gw1] [  9%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspired_cover 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspired 
[gw0] [  9%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::test_DriverPhueScene 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::test_DriverPhueScene_cover 
[gw2] [ 10%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_sensors 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_changed 
[gw1] [ 10%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::test_HomieAspired 
enhomie/utils/test/test_param.py::test_InvalidParam 
[gw2] [ 10%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::test_phue_changed 
enhomie/execution/test/test_backup.py::test_arguments 
[gw2] [ 10%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_backup.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/execution/test/test_config.py::test_arguments 
[gw2] [ 11%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_config.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_helpers.py::test_request_action 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::test_DriverPhueScene_cover 
enhomie/homie/test/test_models.py::test_HomieModels_cover 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_models.py::test_HomieModels_cover 
enhomie/execution/test/test_action.py::test_arguments 
[gw0] [ 12%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_action.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::test_arguments 
[gw0] [ 12%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_updates.py::test_HomieUpdates 
[gw1] [ 12%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/test_param.py::test_InvalidParam 
enhomie/restful/test/test_static.py::test_get_static 
[gw2] [ 13%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_helpers.py::test_request_action 
enhomie/philips/test/test_models.py::test_PhueModels_cover 
[gw2] [ 13%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_models.py::test_PhueModels_cover 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::test_HomieRestful 
[gw0] [ 13%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_updates.py::test_HomieUpdates 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_action 
[gw1] [ 13%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_static.py::test_get_static 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::test_DriverPhueButton 
[gw0] [ 14%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_action 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_update 
[gw1] [ 14%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::test_DriverPhueButton 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::test_DriverPhueButton_cover 
[gw0] [ 14%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_update 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_stream 
[gw1] [ 15%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::test_DriverPhueButton_cover 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_stream 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin 
[gw1] [ 15%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin_source 
[gw1] [ 15%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin_source 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin_update 
[gw0] [ 16%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_source 
[gw1] [ 16%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::test_UbiqOrigin_update 
enhomie/execution/test/test_desired.py::test_arguments 
[gw1] [ 16%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_desired.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_origin.py::test_HomieOrigin_cover 
[gw0] [ 17%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::test_PhueOrigin_source 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::test_DriverPhueContact_cover 
[gw1] [ 17%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_origin.py::test_HomieOrigin_cover 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_models.py::test_UbiqModels_cover 
[gw1] [ 17%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_models.py::test_UbiqModels_cover 
enhomie/philips/test/test_surgeon.py::test_surgeon 
[gw0] [ 17%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::test_DriverPhueContact_cover 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::test_DriverPhueContact 
[gw1] [ 18%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_surgeon.py::test_surgeon 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::test_DriverBltnPeriod_cover 
[gw0] [ 18%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::test_DriverPhueContact 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_models.py::test_BltnModels_cover 
[gw0] [ 18%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_models.py::test_BltnModels_cover 
enhomie/restful/test/test_persist.py::test_get_persists 
[gw1] [ 19%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::test_DriverBltnPeriod_cover 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::test_DriverBltnPeriod 
[gw0] [ 19%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_persist.py::test_get_persists 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::test_HomieStream 
[gw1] [ 19%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::test_DriverBltnPeriod 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::test_HomiePersist_cover 
[gw0] [ 19%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::test_HomieStream 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::test_HomieStreamItem 
[gw1] [ 20%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::test_HomiePersist_cover 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::test_HomiePersist 
[gw0] [ 20%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::test_HomieStreamItem 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::test_DriverUbiqClient 
[gw1] [ 20%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::test_HomiePersist 
enhomie/execution/config.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::test_DriverUbiqClient 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::test_DriverUbiqClient_cover 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::test_DriverUbiqClient_cover 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_scene.py::test_HomieScene 
[gw0] [ 21%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_scene.py::test_HomieScene 
enhomie/builtins/params/regexp.py::mypy 
[gw3] [ 21%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService 
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_dryrun 
[gw2] [ 22%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::test_HomieRestful 
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_healths 
[gw2] [ 22%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_healths 
enhomie/builtins/models.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 22%] PASSED enhomie/execution/config.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_backup.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_backup.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_config.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_config.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_desired.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_desired.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_dumped.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_dumped.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_restful.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_restful.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 25%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_service.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/jinja2.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 25%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/params/regexp.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 25%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 26%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 26%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 26%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 26%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/desire.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 27%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/desire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/group.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 27%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/group.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 27%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/jinja2.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/persist.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/desired.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/desired.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/logger.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/logger.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/aspired.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/aspired.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/queue.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/queue.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED enhomie/homie/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 30%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/models.py::mypy 
enhomie/__init__.py::mypy-status 
[gw2] [ 31%] PASSED enhomie/__init__.py::mypy-status 
enhomie/builtins/period.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 31%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/period.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 31%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 32%] PASSED enhomie/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/params/store.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 32%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/params/store.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/params/period.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/streams.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/streams.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/homie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enhomie/homie/homie.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_member.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_member.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 34%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_streams.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 34%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_streams.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_updates.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 34%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/child.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/scene.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 34%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 35%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/device.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 35%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/device.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/aspire.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 35%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/aspire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 36%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/params/period.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 36%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/regexp.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 36%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/regexp.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/store.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 36%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/store.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 37%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_regexp.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 37%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_regexp.py::mypy 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 37%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_action.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 38%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_action.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/action.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 38%] PASSED enhomie/execution/action.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/restful.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 38%] PASSED enhomie/execution/restful.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 39%] PASSED enhomie/execution/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/dumped.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 39%] PASSED enhomie/execution/dumped.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/service.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 39%] PASSED enhomie/execution/service.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/desired.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 39%] PASSED enhomie/execution/desired.py::mypy 
enhomie/conftest.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 40%] PASSED enhomie/conftest.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 40%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/persist.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 40%] PASSED enhomie/execution/persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/crypts.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 41%] PASSED enhomie/execution/crypts.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/backup.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 41%] PASSED enhomie/execution/backup.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/common.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 41%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/common.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/persist.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 41%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/occur.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 42%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/occur.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/aspire.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 42%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/aspire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/driver.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 42%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_updates.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/service.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/updates.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/updates.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/homie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/homie.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/desire.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/desire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/where.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/where.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/plugin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/origin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 45%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/driver.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 45%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/occur.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 45%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/occur.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/stage.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 45%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/stage.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/child.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 46%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/child.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/common.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 46%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/common.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_occur.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 46%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_occur.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 47%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_where.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 47%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_where.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/where.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 47%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/where.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 47%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/service.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 48%] PASSED enhomie/homie/service.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 48%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 48%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 49%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 49%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/homie.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 49%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/homie.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/origin.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 50%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_child.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 50%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_child.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 50%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_device.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 50%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_device.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 51%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 51%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 51%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_scene.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 52%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/actions.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 52%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/actions.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/config.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 52%] PASSED enhomie/homie/config.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 52%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/common.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 53%] PASSED enhomie/homie/common.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/member.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_driver.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_driver.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/group.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/group.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/models.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enhomie/homie/models.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/scene.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/plugins/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/plugin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/store.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 55%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 55%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 56%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 56%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/action.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 56%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/action.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 56%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/stream.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 57%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/stream.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 57%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 57%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 58%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 58%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/button.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 58%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/button.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/models.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 58%] PASSED enhomie/philips/models.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/contact.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 59%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/contact.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/contact.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 59%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/contact.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 59%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/scene.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 60%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/device.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 60%] PASSED enhomie/philips/device.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/motion.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 60%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/motion.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 60%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/update.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/origin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 61%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 61%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/store.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/params/device.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 61%] PASSED enhomie/homie/params/device.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/action.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 62%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/action.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/origin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 62%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/device.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 62%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/device.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_device.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 63%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_device.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 63%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 63%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/change.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 63%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/change.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 64%] PASSED enhomie/philips/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/action.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 64%] PASSED enhomie/philips/action.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 64%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 65%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/member.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_actions.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 65%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_actions.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/members/restful.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 65%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/restful.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 65%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 66%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 66%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/models.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 66%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/models.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/params/origin.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 67%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/params/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/update.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 67%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/update.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_action.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 67%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_action.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/threads/thread.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 67%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/thread.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 68%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 68%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_action.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 68%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_update.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_update.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/motion.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/motion.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/change.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/plugins/change.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 70%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 70%] PASSED enhomie/philips/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/origin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 70%] PASSED enhomie/philips/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/scene.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 71%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/scene.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/button.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 71%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/button.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 71%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 71%] PASSED enhomie/philips/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_surgeon.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 72%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_surgeon.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 72%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_update.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 72%] PASSED enhomie/restful/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/server.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 73%] PASSED enhomie/restful/server.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/conftest.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 73%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_action.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/surgeon.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 73%] PASSED enhomie/philips/surgeon.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/stream.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 73%] PASSED enhomie/philips/stream.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 74%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/service.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 74%] PASSED enhomie/restful/service.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 74%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 75%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/test/test_static.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 75%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_static.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/origin.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 75%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/params/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/origin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 76%] PASSED enhomie/restful/conftest.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/persist.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 76%] PASSED enhomie/restful/persist.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 76%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/static/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 76%] PASSED enhomie/restful/static/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/restful/params.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 77%] PASSED enhomie/restful/params.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 77%] PASSED enhomie/philips/update.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 77%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 78%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/client.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 78%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/client.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/client.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 78%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/client.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 78%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 79%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/models.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 79%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/models.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 79%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 80%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/device.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 80%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/device.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 80%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 80%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_device.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 81%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_device.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 81%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 81%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 82%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_update.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 82%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 82%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 82%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 83%] PASSED enhomie/utils/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/raises.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 83%] PASSED enhomie/utils/raises.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/param.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 83%] PASSED enhomie/utils/param.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/child.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 84%] PASSED enhomie/utils/child.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/test/test_param.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 84%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 84%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 84%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::mypy 
enhomie/ubiquiti/update.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 85%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/update.py::mypy 
enhomie/execution/test/test_restful.py::test_arguments 
[gw2] [ 85%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_restful.py::test_arguments 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_device.py::test_UbiqDevice 
[gw0] [ 85%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/test_param.py::mypy 
enhomie/utils/tests.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 86%] PASSED enhomie/utils/tests.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger_message 
[gw1] [ 86%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 86%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_device.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 86%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_device.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 87%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_helpers.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 87%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 87%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py::mypy 
enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 88%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::mypy 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger_cover 
[gw2] [ 88%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_device.py::test_UbiqDevice 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_driver.py::test_HomieDriver_cover 
[gw0] [ 88%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger_message 
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger 
[gw1] [ 89%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger_cover 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin_cover 
[gw1] [ 89%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin_cover 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_action 
[gw2] [ 89%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_driver.py::test_HomieDriver_cover 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin 
[gw0] [ 89%] PASSED enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_HomieLogger 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_source 
[gw0] [ 90%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_source 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::test_HomieUpdateItem 
[gw1] [ 90%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_action 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_update 
[gw2] [ 90%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin 
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_update.py::test_UbiqUpdateItem 
[gw1] [ 91%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py::test_HubiOrigin_update 
enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::test_PhueStreamItem 
[gw0] [ 91%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::test_HomieUpdateItem 
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::test_HomieUpdate 
[gw2] [ 91%] PASSED enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_update.py::test_UbiqUpdateItem 
enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::test_PhueStream_samples 
[gw1] [ 91%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::test_PhueStreamItem 
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_where.py::test_HomieWhere 
[gw0] [ 92%] PASSED enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py::test_HomieUpdate 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::test_HomieGroup 
[gw1] [ 92%] PASSED enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_where.py::test_HomieWhere 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_action.py::test_HubiAction_cover 
[gw2] [ 92%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py::test_PhueStream_samples 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::test_HomieGroup_cover 
[gw3] [ 93%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_dryrun 
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_cover 
[gw0] [ 93%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::test_HomieGroup 
enhomie/execution/test/test_persist.py::test_arguments 
[gw0] [ 93%] PASSED enhomie/execution/test/test_persist.py::test_arguments 
[gw1] [ 93%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_action.py::test_HubiAction_cover 
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_actions.py::test_HomieActions 
[gw2] [ 94%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py::test_HomieGroup_cover 
[gw3] [ 94%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py::test_HomieService_cover 
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_device.py::test_HubiDevice 
[gw3] [ 94%] PASSED enhomie/hubitat/test/test_device.py::test_HubiDevice 
enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::test_HomieConfig_cover 
[gw3] [ 95%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::test_HomieConfig_cover 
enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::test_HomieConfig 
[gw1] [ 95%] PASSED enhomie/homie/members/test/test_actions.py::test_HomieActions 
[gw3] [ 95%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py::test_HomieConfig 
enhomie/builtins/test/test_regexp.py::test_DriverBltnRegexp 
[gw3] [ 95%] PASSED enhomie/builtins/test/test_regexp.py::test_DriverBltnRegexp 
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_forbid 
[gw3] [ 96%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_forbid 
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_cover 
[gw3] [ 96%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_cover 
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService 
[gw3] [ 96%] PASSED enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_printer 
[gw3] [ 97%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_printer 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_jinja2 
[gw3] [ 97%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_jinja2 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie 
[gw3] [ 97%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_cover 
[gw3] [ 97%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_cover 
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_actions 
[gw3] [ 98%] PASSED enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py::test_Homie_actions 
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_device.py::test_HomieDevice_cover 
[gw3] [ 98%] PASSED enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_device.py::test_HomieDevice_cover 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::test_DriverPhueMotion 
[gw3] [ 98%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::test_DriverPhueMotion 
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::test_DriverPhueMotion_cover 
[gw3] [ 99%] PASSED enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py::test_DriverPhueMotion_cover 
enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild_cover 
[gw3] [ 99%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild_cover 
enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild 
[gw3] [ 99%] PASSED enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild 
enhomie/philips/test/test_helpers.py::test_request_action 
[gw3] [100%] PASSED enhomie/philips/test/test_helpers.py::test_request_action 

=============================== warnings summary ===============================
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::test_HomieRestful
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_cover
  /home/runner/work/enhomie/enhomie/main/.venv-package/lib/python3.12/site-packages/websockets/legacy/__init__.py:6: DeprecationWarning: websockets.legacy is deprecated; see https://websockets.readthedocs.io/en/stable/howto/upgrade.html for upgrade instructions
    warnings.warn(  # deprecated in 14.0 - 2024-11-09

enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py::test_HomieRestful
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py::test_RestfulService_cover
  /home/runner/work/enhomie/enhomie/main/.venv-package/lib/python3.12/site-packages/uvicorn/protocols/websockets/websockets_impl.py:17: DeprecationWarning: websockets.server.WebSocketServerProtocol is deprecated
    from websockets.server import WebSocketServerProtocol

-- Docs: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/how-to/capture-warnings.html
===================================== mypy =====================================
Success: no issues found in 225 source files
================================ tests coverage ================================
_______________ coverage: platform linux, python 3.12.10-final-0 _______________

Name                                            Stmts   Miss  Cover
-------------------------------------------------------------------
enhomie/__init__.py                                 6      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/__init__.py                        5      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/models.py                         19      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/params/__init__.py                 4      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/params/period.py                  14      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/params/regexp.py                   7      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/params/store.py                   11      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/period.py                         53      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/regexp.py                         33      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/store.py                          53      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/test/__init__.py                   0      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/test/test_models.py                7      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/test/test_period.py               57      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/test/test_regexp.py               30      0   100%
enhomie/builtins/test/test_store.py                46      0   100%
enhomie/conftest.py                                59      0   100%
enhomie/execution/__init__.py                       0      0   100%
enhomie/execution/action.py                        27      0   100%
enhomie/execution/backup.py                        15      0   100%
enhomie/execution/config.py                        15      0   100%
enhomie/execution/crypts.py                        18      0   100%
enhomie/execution/desired.py                       17      0   100%
enhomie/execution/dumped.py                        16      0   100%
enhomie/execution/persist.py                       25      0   100%
enhomie/execution/restful.py                       19      0   100%
enhomie/execution/service.py                       37      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/__init__.py                  0      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_action.py               4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_backup.py               4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_config.py               4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_crypts.py               4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_desired.py              4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_dumped.py               4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_persist.py              4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_restful.py              4      0   100%
enhomie/execution/test/test_service.py              4      0   100%
enhomie/homie/__init__.py                           4      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/__init__.py                   12      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/aspired.py                    80      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/desired.py                   131      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/jinja2.py                     14      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/logger.py                     72      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/persist.py                   206      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/queue.py                      34      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/__init__.py               0      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_aspired.py          74      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_desired.py          62      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_logger.py           43      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_persist.py          62      0   100%
enhomie/homie/addons/test/test_queue.py            27      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/__init__.py                    9      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/aspire.py                    119      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/child.py                      38      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/desire.py                    135      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/device.py                     54      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/group.py                      62      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/helpers.py                    36      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/homie.py                     227      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/origin.py                     50      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/scene.py                      56      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/__init__.py               0      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_aspire.py           49      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_child.py             8      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_desire.py           44      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_device.py            2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_group.py            41      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_homie.py            33      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_origin.py            2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/childs/test/test_scene.py            34      0   100%
enhomie/homie/common.py                            22      0   100%
enhomie/homie/config.py                           128      0   100%
enhomie/homie/homie.py                            170      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/__init__.py                   6      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/actions.py                   90      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/member.py                   137      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/restful.py                   45      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/streams.py                   12      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/__init__.py              0      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_actions.py         22      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_member.py           2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_restful.py         50      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_streams.py         22      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/test/test_updates.py         22      0   100%
enhomie/homie/members/updates.py                   33      0   100%
enhomie/homie/models.py                           103      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/__init__.py                   17      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/aspire.py                     18      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/child.py                       5      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/common.py                      2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/desire.py                     18      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/device.py                      8      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/group.py                       9      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/homie.py                      40      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/occur.py                      15      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/origin.py                     13      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/persist.py                    28      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/plugin.py                      2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/scene.py                       9      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/service.py                    20      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/stage.py                       9      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/store.py                      30      0   100%
enhomie/homie/params/where.py                      15      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/__init__.py                   6      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/common.py                     2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/driver.py                    24      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/occur.py                     42      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/plugin.py                    44      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/__init__.py              0      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_driver.py           2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_occur.py           23      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_plugin.py           2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/test/test_where.py           23      0   100%
enhomie/homie/plugins/where.py                     41      0   100%
enhomie/homie/service.py                          267      0   100%
enhomie/homie/test/__init__.py                      2      0   100%
enhomie/homie/test/test_config.py                  22      0   100%
enhomie/homie/test/test_homie.py                   70      0   100%
enhomie/homie/test/test_models.py                  28      0   100%
enhomie/homie/test/test_service.py                 96      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/__init__.py                  12      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/action.py                    54      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/stream.py                    25      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/test/__init__.py              0      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_action.py          64      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_stream.py          48      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_thread.py          20      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/test/test_update.py          46      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/thread.py                   126      0   100%
enhomie/homie/threads/update.py                    65      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/__init__.py                         6      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/action.py                          31      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/device.py                           6      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/helpers.py                        167      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/models.py                          15      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/origin.py                         116      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/params/__init__.py                  2      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/params/origin.py                    9      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/__init__.py                   18      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_action.py                21      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_device.py                25      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_helpers.py               34      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_models.py                 6      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_origin.py                97      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/test/test_update.py                14      0   100%
enhomie/hubitat/update.py                          14      0   100%
enhomie/philips/__init__.py                        12      0   100%
enhomie/philips/action.py                          35      0   100%
enhomie/philips/device.py                           6      0   100%
enhomie/philips/helpers.py                        204      0   100%
enhomie/philips/models.py                          61      0   100%
enhomie/philips/origin.py                         129      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/__init__.py                  7      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/origin.py                    9      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/__init__.py          6      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/button.py           11      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/change.py           10      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/contact.py           9      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/motion.py            9      0   100%
enhomie/philips/params/plugins/scene.py            10      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/__init__.py                 9      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/button.py                  65      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/change.py                  66      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/contact.py                 62      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/helpers.py                 69      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/motion.py                  68      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/scene.py                   67      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/__init__.py            0      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_button.py        66      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_change.py        44      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_contact.py       66      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_helpers.py       57      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_motion.py        66      0   100%
enhomie/philips/plugins/test/test_scene.py         66      0   100%
enhomie/philips/stream.py                          30      0   100%
enhomie/philips/surgeon.py                         81      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/__init__.py                   28      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_action.py                30      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_device.py                25      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_helpers.py               54      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_models.py                16      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_origin.py               132      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_stream.py                47      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_surgeon.py               32      0   100%
enhomie/philips/test/test_update.py                14      0   100%
enhomie/philips/update.py                          14      0   100%
enhomie/restful/__init__.py                         3      0   100%
enhomie/restful/conftest.py                        20      0   100%
enhomie/restful/params.py                          13      0   100%
enhomie/restful/persist.py                         20      0   100%
enhomie/restful/server.py                          76      0   100%
enhomie/restful/service.py                         78      0   100%
enhomie/restful/static/__init__.py                 54      0   100%
enhomie/restful/test/__init__.py                    2      0   100%
enhomie/restful/test/test_persist.py               12      0   100%
enhomie/restful/test/test_service.py               55      0   100%
enhomie/restful/test/test_static.py                29      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/__init__.py                        6      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/device.py                          6      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/helpers.py                        71      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/models.py                         29      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/origin.py                         92      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/__init__.py                 3      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/origin.py                   9      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/__init__.py         2      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/params/plugins/client.py           7      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/__init__.py                3      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/client.py                 55      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/helpers.py                11      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/__init__.py           0      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_client.py       44      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/plugins/test/test_helpers.py      16      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/__init__.py                  21      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_device.py               25      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_models.py                9      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_origin.py               76      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/test/test_update.py               14      0   100%
enhomie/ubiquiti/update.py                         14      0   100%
enhomie/utils/__init__.py                           8      0   100%
enhomie/utils/child.py                             18      0   100%
enhomie/utils/param.py                             29      0   100%
enhomie/utils/raises.py                             3      0   100%
enhomie/utils/test/__init__.py                      0      0   100%
enhomie/utils/test/test_child.py                   20      0   100%
enhomie/utils/test/test_param.py                   16      0   100%
enhomie/utils/tests.py                             22      0   100%
-------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                            8089      0   100%
======================= 346 passed, 4 warnings in 43.09s =======================
    DONE
  ‚óè Write coveragepy output to htmlcov..
    DONE
  ‚óè Write coveragepy output to coverage.json..
    DONE
